Initital basic duotecno docu (#28183)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/duotecno.markdown

---
title: Duotecno
description: Access and control your Duotecno nodes.
ha_category:
  - Switch
ha_iot_class: Local Push

> ha_release: '0.50'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: '2023.8.0'
```

ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@Cereal2nd'
ha_domain: duotecno
ha_platforms:
  - switch
ha_integration_type: hub
---

> The `duotecno` integration is used to control [Duotecno](https://www.duotecno.be/) nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Duotecno integration can be used to control [Duotecno](https://www.duotecno.be/) nodes in Home Assistant.
```
